[Music]
so you hungry but not quite ready to eat
a three-course meal just yet
how about some instant noodles instead
ah
the water's boiled your tummy's rumbling
but there's a problem
the styrofoam cup's broken and the
noodles are exposed
wait is that a space at the bottom of
the cup why
as spaces for protecting the noodles
it's not the company trying to save
money or anything
notice how the ramen in cups is hardly
ever broken
but the one in the packet comes out
looking like a mess
this technique is called a middle
suspension the noodles are packed in
tightly to stop them from getting
crushed in the delivery truck
it's not just about the noodles looking
nice and long it also helps those tasty
noodles soften more easily
now morning breath isn't the best
luckily there's an
easy way to get rid of it yeah it would
have been easy to think that mouthwash
was invented for
you know washing your mouth well
mouthwash was originally invented and
sold
as a floor cleaner it was sold to
hospitals as an antiseptic for years
it never really took off some genius and
marketing rebranded it as a mouthwash
and the rest is minty fresh history
so after you've cleaned your teeth just
remember rebranding can be pretty
powerful
it's hard to imagine a world without the
internet these days
no streaming no online games or pictures
of cute little kitties
yeah that's not what it was designed for
but who cares right
the prototype internet was called
arpanet or
the advanced research projects agency
network
this machine was very sensitive to stop
anyone from turning it off
some clever scientists stuck a piece of
paper on it with these powerful words
this machine is a server do not power it
down
it was written in red ink hey nice touch
having your professors scribbling in the
margins of your notebook isn't exactly
new
except that margins weren't designed for
that they're
rat protection back in the day rats
would nibble on paper
all the time so if you wrote something
on the edge of the paper
it ended up inside a hungry rat a couple
of well-placed lines
stopped your best answers from getting
eaten
[Music]
hey i can't finish this pizza time to
cover up those leftovers luckily
i have plenty of plastic wrap a little
tug
and the roll just jumped out prison
break
if you look at the wraps home the long
thin box
there's a special little feature that
can help you a cardboard tab
on each end push them in and the rolls
not going
anywhere strange that i've never seen
them before
it's lunch time i'm feeling like a
california roll today
seaweed rice cucumber avocado and crab
meat
or is it it's actually imitation crab
it's basically cheap white fish blended
with sugar
the fish mixture is then heated and
pressed into shape
yummy that's maybe why it's called the
hot dog of the sea
now i just made that up your microwave
has a secret we've all seen
but never paid attention to that black
mesh you see on the door is a faraday
cage
it stops the electromagnetic energy or
the microwaves from escaping
and cooking you too that's how it heats
up your food so quickly
every microwave has to have one and they
all vary quality
this faraday cage can even stop signals
from your phone
which i guess is useful hey you don't
need your popcorn to stop
popping in order to take a call do you
airplane mode's a bit easier though
ever taken an iq test and realized
you're einstein level smart
me neither the median iq is only 100
plus there's very little evidence that
einstein ever even took the test
in the beginning most people thought the
tests were too vague to be helpful in
any way
the test was designed for children who
needed help with their studies
later they realized it could be adapted
to identify intelligence
but it was never originally designed for
that
hey never pop bubble wrap you're missing
out
and you guessed it it was never meant to
be popped or used in the way we use it
today
it was invented as a new textured
wallpaper
by sealing two shower curtains together
they created the first bubbles
the idea never really took off obviously
after failing as wallpaper it discovered
its true meaning in life
it could protect sensitive items when
the first
computers were being shipped bubble wrap
was there to help
imagine a house with bubble wrap
wallpaper in every room
best or worst thing ever hey leave me a
comment below
if you own one of the biggest companies
in the world selling one of the most
known products on the planet how would
you keep your company's secret
a secret the formula for coca-cola
isn't patented the first recipe was but
when they made changes
no patent ever went through the secret
formula
is still only known by a few people at
the company
not only that but not even coca-cola's
rival
wants the recipe in 2006
a disgruntled employee tried to sell off
the secret but it didn't work
[Music]
hey take a look at your brand new
mattress do you see the do not remove
under penalty of law tag
wow that thing looks pretty serious good
news though
the tags aren't meant for you they're
aimed at the mattress cellar
a hundred years ago mattress makers used
to create the filling with
basically anything animal hair old
hospital beds or clothing
then strict laws stopped old hospital
beds from being used
their mattresses were filled with germs
now on a rainy day play-doh is something
everyone can make at home
mash up some flour water salt food
coloring
and wham any creative person is amused
for hours
cheap clean non-toxic the perfect
modeling clay
but it was never made for that this
stuff was originally for cleaning up
walls in the 1930s that's because people
started going crazy for wallpaper
which you couldn't use soap and water on
eventually play-doh had to find a new
home
now have you ever finished a lollipop
and noticed a hole in the stick
this hole isn't just for show or to make
a musical instrument with after you're
done
it's there to keep that tasty sweet
treat from falling off
while the candy's still hot it's poured
into a mold as it hardens
the candy flows into the hole and
creates an anchor
oh not into lollipops how about good old
american gummy bears
unfortunately they aren't american at
all they're german
a german company started making them in
1922.
the original name was gummies something
something
anyway they got the inspiration from
real dancing bears at live shows
these treats eventually made it all the
way around the world
hey ever wonder what those little bumps
were for on the f and j
keys on your keyboard these little
raised ridges
are to help your index fingers be in the
best possible spot
for lightning fast typing keeping those
fingers on f and j
it makes it way easier to reach all the
keys especially if you don't look at the
keyboard
now everybody loves a slinky if you've
ever watched one of them strut down the
stairs with groovy music in the
background
congrats you're definitely a youtube fan
people of all ages loved it when it came
out
which is crazy because it was never
meant to be a toy at
all it's a spring it was originally
designed to stabilize sensitive nautical
devices on ships
nothing fun about that at all until that
amazing day
when one of them fell off a table and
danced its way into our hearts
after many experiments the new and
improved slinky was born
give that team a scientist a medal
now that little pocket on your jeans
wasn't designed for loose change or keys
it was originally made to store your
pocket watch
you don't have a pocket watch how is
that possible
they were all the rage in the 1890s
but that's not all that makes your old
pair of jeans interesting
look around the pocket areas you'll see
rivets sticking out
now they're not some cool fashion idea
from the past
these rivets serve a very crucial role
they help protect the sensitive areas of
the genes that get the most wear and
tear
back in the day most people wore jeans
to do hard manual labor
so they needed to be tough if those guys
back then
saw you paying a hundred bucks for a
pair of ripped jeans
they'd probably pass out from shop